all right this is a little deck balcony
room aboard the Carnival Breeze very
spacious very nice TV rather on their
small side compared to other ones but
not bad it's not like I'll be watching a
lot of TV anyway bad through very nice a
spacious a lot of room mirror you know
your toiletries and whatnot they also
have that same card slot from the
carnival from the breakaway I just
brought my old car to put in there
because last time I left my car there
and breakaway there was a mess
some rope state my best plenty of room
a lot of storage and just overall a lot
of room the there very spacious I
noticed that first thing when I walked
in very nice very nice my back's not
here yet hopefully it will arrive later
on and the first time I go to the
balcony
there you have it it's Miami if you look
down the jacuzzis
and there's something actually to force
up here I mean they'll like balconies
and then there's the spa and some other
stuff you can see the bridge this is
definitely a great view I mean what a
room what a room maybe it will
experience some mild storms at night
it'll be some really nice Rocking very
nice definitely very very nice very
happy I'm staying here solo so I have a
big bet for myself I'm sure that expense
might be into a bad
really cool your fridge and there we go
you have it the temperature is really
good also that's it